i and ii and that is my friend wine and
doctors of holguin boy, mother, just look at this
Quica ball leaves the fire that car everything
It'll work, I'll call the doctor.
fell out of touch with the topio issue
binub not a friend let's look at this bubu
I think I have to fill the
wonderful bull in bauru and rain already
reaches type 1 that the best was the best
lauro goalkeeper is squash
Now you have to rest a little.
Come on my friend, today, better people.
the group needs something more
boat a spoon a sun they think
going to cheer you must have an eye that
I think it 's the happy robot lady.
we have to generate in this business and button
is the world 's best flour composer
all
I think the problem
he has Romulo coast will be fine
Man, she does not respond.
the robot will win one is better not even talk
usp paulo
We need a calm witch.
We'll take care of everything at the
bi in the wine movie not my opinion the
care with your feet
I 'm going to put my head above average
Thank you.
Robot looks years for review he stole
please, thank you
Let's see, one of the eyes says it's very
Thank you and it 's very good here, and I
I want the time since my locker room
robot
I do not think I went to see inside.
someone home has no one is more serious
I thought I'd better listen to the
tulio micheli the robot will not
hurt
love is a big silly mistake
I think it 's already good in my suitcase.
thanks 1st and wonderful chun bull goes
away or let the people go to
We will always work if we are better
we need good leave
thank you billion helper just need
one more that addresses me here today
but jorginho leaves me that broke
while here helper sorry no
and here you imagine where a frail lady
much better that our patient did not
Improved you think you improved binho
What do you think we have to do yet?
this business did not give a certain
im site
and soon came helping the helper
not so sweet
the chew better than there is in the world
all
I have both I and my finger.
work closely you will see that you are
a little he does not leave anything else
side the jack name a new online channel
Robot kids time what does not want to leave
from the top very quickly
Hey